Allow asymmetrical rotation limits in `pvlib.tracking.singleaxis` (#1809)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/whatsnew/v0.10.2.rst

  :py:func:`pvlib.iotools.get_pvgis_hourly`, :py:func:`pvlib.iotools.get_cams`,
  :py:func:`pvlib.iotools.get_bsrn`, and :py:func:`pvlib.iotools.read_midc_raw_data_from_nrel`.
  (:pull:`1800`)

> * Added support for asymmetric limiting angles in :py:func:`pvlib.tracking.singleaxis`, by modifying 
>   the `min_angle` parameter to accept tuples. 
>   (:pull:`1809`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for asymmetric limiting angles in :py:func:`pvlib.tracking.singleaxis` and
  :py:class:`pvlib.pvsystem.SingleAxisTrackerMount` by modifying the ``max_angle``
  parameter to accept tuples.  (:issue:`1777`, :pull:`1809`)
```
